1. Create a New Django Project and App: . Set up a new Django project named `Website'. . Create an app within this project called *Main'.

ans:- For creating new Django project in terminal we have to write -:django-admin startproject Website:- 
for creating an app -:python manage.py startapp Main:-

2. Configure Initial Settings: . Adjust settings.py to include the Main app in `INSTALLED_APPS". . Set up the basic configurations needed to start the development server.

ans:- In settings.py INSTALLED_APPS wrote "Main".

3. Set Up URL Routing: Configure the main urls.py to route requests to the Main' app. . Create a urls.py file within the Main` app to handle its URL patterns.

ans:- Created urls.py in main and imported path and from everthing imported views. Made path according to views.

4. Create Initial Views and Templates: . Implement a view in `Main" that returns a simple "Welcome to the Website" message. . Create a basic HTML template and use it in the view to display the welcome message.

ans:- First created a template\Main in Main and in that made a home.html file and in that html file with html template code and in body wrote a h1 tag and in that pass a variable in dictionary that i will create in views with the message "Welcome to the Website"  .Created views.py and defined a function home with request parameter and in dictionary wrote a message "Welcome to the Website". After that returned render with request, Main/home.html, message.

5. Explore Initial Files: . Describe the purpose of key files: "manage.py', "settings.py', "urls.py', and how they contribute to the project structure.

ans:-
 manage.py- it allows to interact the project in various ways.
It allows to execute commands like starting the development runserver, creating new apps.

settings.py- it contains all configurations settings for django project. It have settings for database connections, installed applications, middleware, templates.

urls.py- It is the way to connect with views and it is url Routing for django project.